Program Purpose
Dailymotion is a French online video platform founded in 2005, offering users and publishers a space to upload, watch, and distribute professional and curated video content across categories such as news, sports, music, and entertainment.

Maintaining top-notch security online is a community effort and a high priority for Dailymotion. We're lucky to have a vibrant group of independent security researchers who volunteer their time to help us spot potential issues. To recognize the efforts of independent security researchers and the important role they play in keeping Dailymotion safe for everyone, we offer a bounty for reporting certain qualifying security vulnerabilities. Please review the following rules before you reporting a vulnerability. By participating in this Program, you agree to be bound by these rules.

Scopes Descriptions
Main Domains & Applications
WILDCARDS - PUBLIC DOMAINS:
These are our main public facing domains, all subdomains & services included in the listed wildcards included in the scopes of this program.

*.dailymotion.com: all our main public websites & platforms
AS41690: IP range owned by Dailymotion
WILDCARDS - TECHNICAL DOMAINS:
These are domains mostly used for technical purposes, all subdomains & services included in the listed wildcards included in the scopes of this program

*.dmcdn.net: dedicated domain to distribute static content, including all our video content, distributed across our platforms & services.
*.api.dailymotion.com: all APIs related to public websites & services, detailed API documentation available at developer.dailymotion.com.
*.dm.gg | *.dmxleo.com | *.kube.dm.gg | *.dm-event.net: : technical domains mostly used for internal services & usages.
MOBILE APPLICATIONS:
Our official Dailymotion applications on the Google Play Store, Apple App Store.

Focus on specific Scopes
DAILYMOTION PRO - B2B PLATFORMS:
These are platforms dedicated to our B2B customers, allowing them to manage our video hosting & distribution services, as well as define and coordinate advertising campaigns across our services & platforms.

pro.dailymotion.com & business.dailymotion.com: historical B2B platform for video hosting & distribution services.
dailymotion.webflow.io: new version of our B2B platform, including IA & Advertising management services.
ray.dailymotion.com: ou AI tool/service to transform campaign briefs into actionable audiences, creative strategies, and activation plans.
dailymotionadvertising.com: In the advertising sector, it offers brands and media agencies full-funnel video advertising solutions on the open web.

MCP & AUTOMATION SERVERS:
The objective of these scopes is to test and report vulnerabilities on our MCP Servers, while complying with the rules and limitations defined by our program. These URLs are normally restricted and accessible only via our company's internal VPN and should not be publicly exposed on the internet. Our goal in including them in the program is to identify potential unauthorized access vulnerabilities that could allow an attacker to bypass these restrictions.

https://n8n-staging.k8s.dm.gg/*
https://n8n.pub.k8s.dm.gg/*
https://airflow-mcp.data.dailymotion.com/*
https://bigquery-mcp.data.dailymotion.com/*
Specific rules & additional notes
Note concerning XSS and CSRF: We will tend to rate user session-related XSS and CSRF vulnerabilities, whether stored or reflected, with a low impact. For a (very) significant majority, users are unauthenticated and the chances of successfully exploiting such vulnerabilities are therefore minimized. Typically, a reflected XSS vulnerability on our main domain and implying the theft of user cookies on www. or *.dailymotion.com will be rated as Low. Please note that, if you are able to demonstrate an ability to exploit these vulnerabilities in creative ways (possibly combined with other vulnerabilities found by yourself) so as to provably increase the business impact, we will consider this final impact to evaluate the severity.

Note concerning IDOR: IDOR vulnerabilities on .api.dailymotion.com via /user/[ID] that does not lead to personal/sensitive info disclosing

Different User Types: We have several levels of privileges on the product: unauthenticated user, authenticated user, partner, partner with a verification badge. We invite you to go and explore the attack surface that is specific with each of these profiles as they are all in-scope.

Partner accounts are only granted to users after they have accepted the terms of our Dailymotion Partner Program Agreement. Security researchers interested in digging is this part of our perimeter can open such an account by signing up on our partner portal.

If you want to test the features exposed only to partners with a verification badge, please file a request on security@dailymotion.com so as to be provided with a verification badge (we'll then provide you with a temporary, dedicated partner account). For practical reasons, Dailymotion reserves the right to evaluate and deny such requests on a case by case basis; typically, we will only consider requests from hunters who have previously reported at least one qualifying vulnerability rated as Medium or more.

Systemic Issues Rewarding: reports from the 6th systemic issue will be treated with the informative status. Refer to the dedicated section of the program for more details about 'systemic issues' definition

Program General Rules
Testing Policy, Responsible Disclosure
Please adhere to the following rules while performing research on this program:

Denial of service (DoS) attacks on Dailymotion applications, servers, networks or infrastructure are strictly forbidden.
Avoid tests that could cause degradation or interruption of our services.
Do not use automated scanners or tools that generate large amount of network traffic
Do not leak, copy, manipulate, or destroy any user data or files in any of our applications/servers.
No vulnerability disclosure, full, partial or otherwise, is allowed.
Make sure to apply hunting requirements policy (User-Agent, VPN...)
Important precautions and limitations
As a complement to the Program’s rules and testing policy :

DO NOT alter compromised accounts by creating, deleting or modifying any data
DO NOT use compromised accounts to search for post-auth vulnerabilities (they won’t be eligible anyway)
DO NOT include Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in your report and please REDACT/OBFUSCATE the PII that is part of your PoC (screenshot, server response, JSON file, etc.) as much as possible.
In case of exposed credentials or secrets, limit yourself to verifying the credentials validity
In case of sensitive information leak, DO NOT extract/copy every document or data that is exposed and limit yourself to describe and list what is exposed.
Reward Eligibility
We are happy to thank everyone who submits valid reports which help us improve the security of Dailymotion, however only those that meet the following eligibility requirements may receive a monetary reward:

You must be the first reporter of a vulnerability.
The vulnerability must be a qualifying vulnerability
The report must contain the following elements:
Clear textual description of the vulnerability, how it can be exploited, the security impact it has on the application, its users and Dailymotion, and remediation advice on fixing the vulnerability
Proof of exploitation: screenshots demonstrating the exploit was performed, and showing the final impact
Provide complete steps with the necessary information to reproduce the exploit, including (if necessary) code snippets, payloads, commands etc
Reports failing to demonstrate a tangible attack scenario and opportunity are unlikely to be eligible for reward.
You must not break any of the testing policy rules listed above
You must not be a former or current employee of Dailymotion or one of its contractors.
Reward amounts are based on:

Reward grid of the report's scope
CVSS scoring and actual business impact of the vulnerability upon performing risk analysis
Insisting on eligibility rules
Reports failing to demonstrate a tangible attack scenario and opportunity are unlikely to be rewarded. Please keep in mind that whatever you discover, you are required to demonstrate what you believe is a vulnerability. Because we evaluate reports based on business risks and tangible impacts, we don't reward theoretical vulnerabilities (the ones which are almost exploitable, but just "not quite there") — although we are always interested in reading about them!

For example, the exposure of our public website's JWT token for our GraphQL API is not a security issue. We know it's there, in your browser, but you can't do anything with it to attack other people's data (or if you can, do demonstrate your findings).

In the event that we choose not to reward a vulnerability with no demonstrable business impact (for example an XSS on a domain that does not have valuable cookies), we reserve the right to fix the issue in order to avoid further equivalent submissions by other researchers.

Legal Matters
When conducting vulnerability research in good faith and in accordance with the terms specified in this Policy, we consider this research to be:

Lawful and in accordance with applicable state laws relating to computer fraud.
We won't bring any claim against you for circumvention of technology controls;
Exempt from restrictions in our Terms of Use only to the extent that they would interfere with conducting security research.
We won’t take legal action against, suspend, or terminate access to the Service for those who discover and report security vulnerabilities responsibly.
Dailymotion reserves all of its legal rights in the event of any noncompliance.
Dailymotion reserves the right to modify the terms of this Program or terminate this Program at any time.

Contact
If you have any concerns or are uncertain whether your security research is consistent with this policy please reach out to security@dailymotion.com before going any further.

Reward
Asset value	CVSS 
Low
CVSS 
Medium
CVSS 
High
CVSS 
Critical
Medium
€100	€350	€1,250	€3,300
Low
€70	€250	€1,000	€3,000
Systemic issues
1st report100%
2nd report100%
3rd report75%
4th report50%
5th report25%
6th+ report0%
We appreciate all valid reports submitted to our program that enhance our security. However, please note that if a similar issue (see definition in 'More info') has already been reported, by you or any other hunter, the reward will be decreasing according to these percentages.


More info
Scopes
Scope	Type	Asset value	
*.dailymotion.com
Web application	
Low

AS41690
IP Address	
Low

*.api.dailymotion.com
API	
Medium

*.kube.dm.gg
Wildcard	
Medium

*.dm.gg
Web application	
Medium

*.dmxleo.com
Wildcard	
Medium

*.dmcdn.net
Web application	
Low

*.dm-event.net
Wildcard	
Low

https://n8n-staging.k8s.dm.gg/
API	
Medium

https://n8n.pub.k8s.dm.gg/
API	
Medium

https://airflow-mcp.data.dailymotion.com/
API	
Medium

https://bigquery-mcp.data.dailymotion.com/
API	
Medium

https://dailymotion.webflow.io/
Web application	
Medium

https://business.dailymotion.com/
Web application	
Medium

https://pro.dailymotion.com/
Web application	
Medium

https://ray.dailymotion.com/
Web application	
Medium

dailymotionadvertising.com
Web application	
Low

https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/dailymotion/id336978041
Mobile application IOS	
Low

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dailymotion.dailymotion&hl=fr&gl=US
Mobile application Android	
Low

Out of scopes
Anything, domains or subdomains, not explicitly listed as in-scope above, is out-of-scope.
More specifically, *.ondailymotion.com domains are not in the scope of our program.
Vulnerability types
Qualifying vulnerabilities
SQL Injection (SQLi)
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
Remote Code Execution (RCE)
Insecure Direct Object Reference (IDOR)
Horizontal and vertical privilege escalation
Authentication bypass & broken authentication
Business Logic Errors vulnerability with real security impact
Local files access and manipulation (LFI, RFI, XXE, SSRF, XSPA)
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) with real security impact
Cross-site Request Forgery (CSRF) with real security impact
Open Redirect
Exposed secrets, credentials or sensitive information on an asset under our control and affecting at least one of our scopes
Non-qualifying vulnerabilities
Broken Link/Social media Hijacking
Tabnabbing
Missing cookie flags
Content/Text injections
Clickjacking/UI redressing
Denial of Service (DoS) attacks
Recently disclosed CVEs (less than 30 days sinces patch release)
CVEs without exploitable vulnerabilities and PoC
Open ports or services without exploitable vulnerabilities and PoC
Social engineering of staff or contractors
Presence of autocomplete attribute on web forms
Vulnerabilities affecting outdated browsers or platforms
Self-XSS or XSS that cannot be used to impact other users
Any hypothetical flaw or best practices without exploitable vulnerabilities and PoC
SSL/TLS issues (e.g. expired certificates, best practices)
Unexploitable vulnerabilities (e.g. Self-XSS, XSS or Open Redirect through HTTP headers...)
Reports with attack scenarios requiring MITM or physical access to victim's device
Missing security-related HTTP headers which do not lead directly to an exploitable vulnerability and PoC
Low severity Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) (e.g. Unauthenticated / Logout / Login / Products cart updates...)
Invalid or missing email security records (e.g. SPF, DKIM, DMARC)
Session management issues (e.g. lack of expiration, no logout on password change, concurrent sessions)
Disclosure of information without exploitable vulnerabilities and PoC (e.g. stack traces, path disclosure, directory listings, software versions, IP disclosure, 3rd party secrets, EXIF Metadata, Origin IP)
CSV injection
Malicious file upload (e.g. EICAR files, .EXE)
HTTP Strict Transport Security Header (HSTS)
Subdomain takeover without a full exploitable vulnerability and PoC or not applicable to the scope
Blind SSRF without exploitable vulnerabilities and PoC (e.g. DNS & HTTP pingback, Wordpress XMLRPC)
Lack or bypass of rate-limiting, brute-forcing or captcha issues
User enumeration (e.g. email, alias, GUID, phone number, common CMS endpoints)
Weak password policies (e.g. length, complexity, reuse)
Ability to spam users (email / SMS / direct messages flooding)
Disclosed or misconfigured public API keys (e.g. Google Maps, Firebase, analytics tools...)
Password reset token sent via HTTP referer to external services (e.g. analytics / ads platforms)
Stolen secrets, credentials or information gathered from a third-party asset that we have no control over
Exposed secrets, credentials or information on an asset under our control that are not applicable to the program’s scope
Pre-account takeover (e.g. account creation via oAuth)
GraphQL Introspection is enabled
Vulnerabilities requiring physical access to a user’s smartphone
Exploits that are only possible on Android version 8 and below
Exploits that are only possible on IOS version 14 and below
Exploits that are only possible on a jailbroken device*
Exploiting a generic Android or iOS vulnerability.
Lack of code obfuscation
Lack of binary protection / jailbreak and root detection / anti-debugging controls
Crashing your own application
Non important secrets (such as 3rd party secrets)
SSL cypher suites
Vulnerable version of libraries (for example ‘jquery’) without demonstrable attack vector SSL Pinning
---
IDOR on *.api.dailymotion.com via /user/[ID]* that does not lead to personal/sensitive info disclosing
Reports of leaks and exposed credentials
In the context of this program, we do not intend to encourage, accept or reward reports of leaks that are not applicable to our program’s scope and policy. To summarize our policy, you may refer to the below table:
